Pysweeper 1.0 -- An implementation of the classic Minesweeper game
Copyright 2002 Brett Smith <bcsmit1@engr.uky.edu>

Pysweeper is yet another rendition of everyone's favorite quick puzzle
game, Minesweeper.  This file describes how to install the game; to learn
how to play, see the pysweeper man page.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59
Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA, 02111-1307.
 
Pysweeper should only require working installations of Python and Pygame,
which are available from <http://www.python.org/> and
<http://www.pygame.org/> respectively.  However, I can only test it on my
Debian GNU/Linux boxes, where I used Python 2.1.3 and Pygame 1.4.  Your
mileage may vary.

To install the game, run the following command as root in the directory
extracted from the source:

  # python setup.py install

This will put the program and all necessary data files in their proper
places.  If everything goes well, you will then be able to play the game
by running the command

  $ pysweeper

There are a number of command-line options available to configure the
game; to learn about these, read the pysweeper man page, or run

  $ pysweeper --help

Share and enjoy!  Feel free to contact me with any bug reports,
criticisms, whinings, rants, flames, and the like at
<bcsmit1@engr.uky.edu>.
